Update risk-management-plan.md (#18)
CodyWallbridge/ProjectManagement: risk-management-plan.md

| Risk | Description | Probability | Potential Loss | Risk Exposure | Risk Category |
| ---- | ----------- | ----------- | -------------- | ------------- | ------------- |

> | Marketing | spending market budget ineffectively could lead to no public presence requiring the budget be expanded | 0.3 | 100,000 | 50,000  | budget/cost         |
> | Lack of Quality Assurance | Not implementing quality assurance practices leading to problems/bugs/lack of flow     | 0.4 | 300,000 | 125,000 | Development Process |
> | Experience | hiring an inexperienced PM                                                                            | 0.5 | 250,000 | 200,000 | Project Management  |
> | Domain Knowledge | hiring a PM with lots of PM experience but no knowledge in the projects domain                  | 0.6 | 150,000 | 75,000  | Project Management  |
> | Communication | hiring a PM who is unable to communicate with the team due to language barriers                    | 0.3 | 200,000 | 40,000  | Project Management  |

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/CodyWallbridge/ProjectManagement/assets/64338275/ed683c8f-2e31-4ab7-b869-088b110e80af)

```suggestion
| Marketing | spending market budget ineffectively could lead to no public presence requiring the budget be expanded | 0.3 | 100,000 | 30,000  | budget/cost         |
| Lack of Quality Assurance | Not implementing quality assurance practices leading to problems/bugs/lack of flow     | 0.4 | 300,000 | 120,000 | Development Process |
| Experience | hiring an inexperienced PM                                                                            | 0.5 | 250,000 | 125,000 | Project Management  |
| Domain Knowledge | hiring a PM with lots of PM experience but no knowledge in the projects domain                  | 0.6 | 150,000 | 90,000  | Project Management  |
| Communication | hiring a PM who is unable to communicate with the team due to language barriers                    | 0.3 | 200,000 | 60,000  | Project Management  |
```

> | Marketing | spending market budget ineffectively could lead to no public presence requiring the budget be expanded | 0.3 | 100,000 | 50,000  | budget/cost         |
> | Lack of Quality Assurance | Not implementing quality assurance practices leading to problems/bugs/lack of flow     | 0.4 | 300,000 | 125,000 | Development Process |
> | Experience | hiring an inexperienced PM                                                                            | 0.5 | 250,000 | 200,000 | Project Management  |
> | Domain Knowledge | hiring a PM with lots of PM experience but no knowledge in the projects domain                  | 0.6 | 150,000 | 75,000  | Project Management  |
> | Communication | hiring a PM who is unable to communicate with the team due to language barriers                    | 0.3 | 200,000 | 40,000  | Project Management  |

Reviewer: **Nit for writing style consistency**:
```suggestion
| Ineffective allocation of the marketing budget may result in insufficient market penetration, necessitating additional funds to achieve desired public awareness. | 0.3 | 100,000 | 50,000  | Budget/Cost         |
| Lack of Quality Assurance | Failure to integrate rigorous quality assurance protocols could lead to critical software issues or functional discrepancies, significantly delaying project progress and necessitating costly fixes.    | 0.4 | 300,000 | 125,000 | Development Process |
| Experience |Assigning a project manager with inadequate experience could lead to mismanagement and inefficiencies, impacting the project timeline and costs.   | 0.5 | 250,000 | 200,000 | Project Management  |
| Domain Knowledge |Onboarding a project manager possessing strong PM skills but lacking specific domain expertise in railway reservation systems may cause strategic oversights and misalignment with industry standards.                 | 0.6 | 150,000 | 75,000  | Project Management  |
| Communication | Hiring a project manager facing language and cultural communication barriers with the team could lead to misunderstandings, reduced team cohesion, and compromised project execution.        | 0.3 | 200,000 | 40,000  | Project Management  |
```
